manuscript/Book.md, before:

Lovecraft.md
cthulhu_mythos.md
azathoth.md
nyarlathotep.md
nameless_city.md
festival.md
the_hound.md
the_unnamable.md
the_outsider.md
lurking_fear.md
rats_in_the_wall.md
shunned_house.md
call_of_cthulhu.md
dagon.md
colour_out_of_space.md
curse_of_yig.md
dunwich_horror.md
whisperer_in_darkness.md
shadow-over-insmouth.md
dreams_in_the_witch_house.md
evil_clergyman.md
haunter-of-the-dark.md
thing_on_the_doorstep.md
man_of_stone.md
horror_in_the_museum.md
out-of-the-aeons.md
tree_on_the_hill.md
the_mound.md
shadow-out-of-time.md
mountains_of_madness.md
the_history_of_necronomicon.md
case_of_dexter_ward.md
dream_lands.md
polaris.md
the_doom_that_came_to_sarnath.md
the_white_ship.md
cats_of_ulthar.md
celephais.md
ex_oblivione.md
quest_of_iranon.md
the_other_gods.md
hypnos.md
strange_high_house.md
silver_key.md
unknown_kadath.md
the_gates_of_the_silver_key.md
beyond_walls_of_sleep.md
statement_of_randolph_carter.md
the_descendant.md
transition_of_juan_romero.md
crawling_chaos.md
lovecraft_extended_mythos.md
ashes.md
challenge_from_beyond.md
Appendix.md

Commit message:

Reorganize stories, finish main mythos sections

manuscript/Book.md, after:

Lovecraft.md
CTHULHU_MYTHOS.md
dagon.md
nameless_city.md
nyarlathotep.md
azathoth.md
the_hound.md
festival.md
lurking_fear.md
rats_in_the_wall.md
the_unnamable.md
the_outsider.md
shunned_house.md
call_of_cthulhu.md
colour_out_of_space.md
curse_of_yig.md
dunwich_horror.md
whisperer_in_darkness.md
mountains_of_madness.md
dreams_in_the_witch_house.md
shadow-over-insmouth.md
shadow-out-of-time.md
haunter-of-the-dark.md
thing_on_the_doorstep.md
evil_clergyman.md
man_of_stone.md
horror_in_the_museum.md
out-of-the-aeons.md
tree_on_the_hill.md
the_mound.md
the_history_of_necronomicon.md
case_of_dexter_ward.md
diary_of_alonzo_typer.md
facts_arthur_jermyn.md
horror_at_red_hook.md
DREAM_LANDS.md
polaris.md
the_doom_that_came_to_sarnath.md
the_white_ship.md
cats_of_ulthar.md
celephais.md
ex_oblivione.md
quest_of_iranon.md
the_other_gods.md
hypnos.md
strange_high_house.md
silver_key.md
unknown_kadath.md
the_gates_of_the_silver_key.md
beyond_walls_of_sleep.md
statement_of_randolph_carter.md
transition_of_juan_romero.md
crawling_chaos.md
green_meadow.md
the_descendant.md
EXTENDED_MYTHOS.md
ashes.md
challenge_from_beyond.md
Appendix.md
